Donna tell us about your road in here
he's the best news announcer that's not
eating Madison have a name Dino je crois
when we got here yeah Richard he's the
best evening else here Richard Sherman
bathroom in my hands that's nice that's
nice if you have any other defining
characteristics oh I tried to put an h
on his back but it didn't turn into
racing stripes and minute all blended
together to know each how's it going
back there looks kinda like a
prospective tonight my name is nameless
nameless yeah it's all right reserved
but it takes it tells a lot of jokes
it's going to keep us entertained
oping that everyone it's good last time
all right mr. Jonas who is yes this is
the brain the brain yes maybe after a
classic TV show about mice and lies the
auction blue because he is an Oliver fan
of course every smart person or animal
is all the fan jay what we got here yes
to meet you come preacher now did you
die to make sure you come that way that
food I knew is that way since we're
pretty much have you known him since
birth
yes the thought of us come everyone
everyone everyone
hey
you
Oh